Update description for Grant package (#1055)
sindresorhus/awesome-nodejs: readme.md

### Authentication

- [Passport](https://github.com/jaredhanson/passport) - Simple, unobtrusive authentication.

> - [Grant](https://github.com/simov/grant) - 200+ OAuth providers for Express, Koa, Hapi, Fastify, AWS Lambda, Azure, Google Cloud, Vercel.

Reviewer: I don't want to have any numbers as it will have to be kept up to date.
```suggestion
- [Grant](https://github.com/simov/grant) - OAuth providers for Express, Koa, Hapi, Fastify, AWS Lambda, Azure, Google Cloud, Vercel, and many more.
```
